and
Y
Yesterday the raffle for the
world cup of russia 2018 and for our
selection this draw brought good
news in the third round of the
eliminatory to be disputed between the 31 of
August and September 8 blue and
white will face ante ancient and
bearded rival who should be
win with ease though as we
He demonstrated Bermuda in the previous round
it seems that we never have a rival
small in the next phase we touched the
most accessible group that could have been
had the winner between san vicente and
the grenadines and aruba and two old
known usa and trinidad and tobago
USA is the favorite of the group
Americans have become
our executioners of the last
qualifiers since since 90 have
been present in almost all of our
eliminations in italy 90 when they
they classified the first of their seven
consecutive flights to France
98 when we had to play before them
in el salvador for the tragedy of matteo
florence heading to japan and korea 2002
when they relegated us to the boys
to play a tie-break game on
which won it costarrica 52 course to
germany 2006 when a victory in
home against a team of American
would have given us the pass to the repechage
heading to south africa 2010 when usa and
trinidad and tobago eliminated us in the
Group phase and course to Brazil-2014
when again they now together
Jamaica we were eliminated again in the
group stage
on the other side this trinidad and tobago
that some years ago we would have been
favorites before them but now we
we see with eyes of fear the
trinitenses we eliminate them towards
italy 90 while heading to france
98 although they eliminated us with them
in the group stage they have been grazed on
the visit and he won from locals then
heading to Germany 2006 came the painful
elimination by them which
has had all kinds of theories of
conspiracy that if warner than if the
Mexicans that if this or that but that
in the end you never have
found nothing about it last
arrived in the South Africa-2010 lineup
when Cuba gave us the final thrust
so they passed them again
and of course recently was the
pathetic defeat of 31 before trinity and
tobago in the gold cup so
clearly we are not of the two favorites
to advance to the next phase although
is a more accessible group than the others
two
now the road is already drawn
rivals are clear and in our tenth
fifth World Cup qualifier
we hope that this time
the road takes us to the earth
promised of a world cup but as
is playing and reminding them that
personally I think we are going
for the worst moment in the history of
our moment selection that started in
the 2009 russia 2018 seems a dream a
true impossible mission
plus